# CapStone - Genex
     Genex is a group capstone project. It is a first person exploration and creation game. In this game the player explores a planet, finds new species of local animal life, collects DNA strands which contain body parts and behavioral traits. The player can then combine the DNA strands to create a new randomly generated creature that has never been seen before. The main mechanic I designed was the creation of the new creatures. This included everything from the original population of the world to the splicing and creation of new creatures. I also designed the majority of the level design, graphic pipeline, and some other features like the log book display and the display capsule in the lab. 
 ### Details: 
 * Creatures contain a DNA struct of information that contains how the creature was created and how it should behave.
* Creatures are created by a dominant and recessive trait system.
  * If a component is currently displayed on the creatures body, it is a dominant trait and has a much greater chance of appearing on the newly created species of creatures generated by the player.
  * A recessive trait is anything that is not currently being displayed.
* Includes a camera cinematic to show the new creature being created.
* Creatures need to be spawned from towers around the map.
* When the player finds a new creature and scan its DNA, that data gets added to the player's log, where the player can see all creatures that have been scanned from all angles.
* Creatures body and components animation loops are synchronized even after generation.

Itch.io https://johansenj584.itch.io/genex
